markdown/mainpage-code-documentation.md, before:

Angerona Framework	{#mainpage}
==================
This is the technical documentation of the Angerona framework, beside the code documentation 
it also contains some articles which either help to understand concepts used by the Angerona 
framework or help to get started to extend Angerona at a specific place like adding a new 
knowledge representation mechanism or another agent model.

Features
-------- 
Currently the Angerona framework provided the following list of features.
 
- Flexible and simple plug-in driven multi agent simulation using the
  [Java Simple Plugin Framework](https://code.google.com/p/jspf/).
- Complete decoupling of knowledge representation mechanism from the
  functional component of the agent.
- Defining custom agent models, like the secrecy aware extension of the
  BDI model defined in angerona.fw.am.secrecy .
- Different EnvironmentBehavior to easily support external simulation software.
- A flexible UI using [Docking Frames](http://dock.javaforge.com/) to give the 
  monitoring of the agent simulation the same features as an IDE.

External Documentation
----------------------

External documentation will be publicized in the near future:
- Manual: Contains information on how to install the Angerona framework. It starts by
  explaining how you can get the binary packages of Angerona to perform experiments and
  also contains installation steps for developers, that want to contribute to the Angerona
  framework.
- Technical Report: The report is divided into two parts, the first part introduces the concept of the secrecy
  agent model that is implemented in the Angerona framework and the second part explains how it
  has been implemented.

 
Articles
--------

- [The Operator Concept](@ref conceptoperators)
- [Secrecy aware BDI Agent Model](@ref secrecyawarebdiagentmodel)

Commit message:

write articles for the code-documentation
Update old articels, finish the article about the secrecy agent model, add a short article about concurrency in Angerona and also add an article that explains how the Angerona GUI can be extended by plug-ins

markdown/mainpage-code-documentation.md, after:

Angerona Framework	{#mainpage}
==================
This is the technical documentation of the Angerona framework, beside the code documentation 
it also contains some articles which either help to understand concepts used by the Angerona 
framework or help to get started to extend Angerona at a specific place like adding a new 
knowledge representation mechanism or another agent model.

Features
-------- 
Currently the Angerona framework provided the following list of features.
 
- Flexible and simple plug-in driven multi agent simulation using the
  [Java Simple Plugin Framework](https://code.google.com/p/jspf/).
- Complete decoupling of knowledge representation mechanism from the
  functional component of the agent.
- Defining custom agent models, like the secrecy aware extension of the
  BDI model defined in angerona.fw.am.secrecy .
- Different EnvironmentBehavior to easily support external simulation software.
- A flexible UI using [Docking Frames](http://dock.javaforge.com/) to give the 
  monitoring of the agent simulation the same features as an IDE.

External Documentation
----------------------

External documentation will be publicized in the near future:
- Manual: Contains information on how to install the Angerona framework. It starts by
  explaining how you can get the binary packages of Angerona to perform experiments and
  also contains installation steps for developers, that want to contribute to the Angerona
  framework.
- Technical Report: The report is divided into two parts, the first part introduces the concept of the secrecy
  agent model that is implemented in the Angerona framework and the second part explains how it
  has been implemented.

 
Articles
--------

- [The Operator Concept](@ref conceptoperators) 
- [Secrecy aware BDI Agent Model](@ref secrecyawarebdiagentmodel) 
- [Concurrency in the Angerona Framework](@ref concurrencyinangerona)
- [How-to: Implement an GUI-Extension for Angerona](@ref howtoguiextension)
